

Basic UI creation in Android
Graded Assignment • 50 min
DueAug 14, 12:29 PM IST
Your grade: 90%
Your latest: 90%•
Your highest: 90%•
To pass you need at least 80%. We keep your highest score.


1.
Which of the following would you use to create a screen of nested composables in such a way that the elements stack up vertically?
1 / 1 point
 
Row layout
 
Grid layout
 
Panel layout ✅
 
Column layout
 
Correct
That's correct! A nested UI structure can consist of multiple types of layouts.

2.
What is an Activity in Android UI Development? 
1 / 1 point
 
A special type of ViewGroup container. 
 
A component that allows users to interact with the app UI. ✅
 
A resource file that stores application data. 
 
A function that performs a calculation. 
 
Correct
That's correct. An Activity is the app component that contains the user interface and represents the app screen.

3.
Which of the following is true about XML documents?
0 / 1 point
 
XML files are easy to maintain. ✅
 
XML files contain composable functions.
 
XML documents are made of activities
 
All XML documents are hierarchical. 
 
Incorrect
Not quite. Please review the reading 
UI representation in XML
 .
4.
Which of the following states are part of the Activity Lifecycle in Android UI Development? 
Select three that apply.
1 / 1 point
 
Started ✅
 
Correct
That's correct! Once an Activity is visible on the screen it is in the started state. 
 
Created ✅
 
Correct
That's correct! When an application launches, an Activity is created and is in the created state.
 
Resumed ✅
 
Correct
That's correct! When an Activity gains focus and is ready for interaction, it is in the resumed state. 
 
Deleted


5.
Which of the following properties do all views and view groups have in common? Select all that apply.
1 / 1 point
 
layout_height ✅
 
Correct
That's correct! layout_height and layout_width are used to tell the Android OS the desired size of the UI element.
 
src
 
layout_centerInParent
 
layout_width
 
Correct ✅
That's correct! layout_height and layout_width are used to tell the Android OS the desired size of the UI element.

6.
Which of the following is the approach to building a UI Jetpack Compose is based on?
1 / 1 point
 
declarative ✅
 
hierarchical
 
object oriented
 
imperative
 
Correct
Correct! The declarative approach focuses on the what rather than the how.

7.
Which of these is a way to preview the appearance of an Android UI?
1 / 1 point
 
Use the Android Studio Layout Editor.✅
 
Use the Android Studio Emulator.
 
Use the Android Studio Debugger.
 
Correct
That's correct! You can preview in the Android Studio Layout Editor and you can also preview appearance using the @preview annotation.

8.
When you are specifying the size of an element on an Android UI, you can use the dp unit of measurement. This term is shorthand for?
1 / 1 point
 
Density-dependent pixel
 
Density-independent pixel ✅
 
Dots Per Inch
 
Correct
That's correct! Density-independent pixel is correct. 1 dp is equivalent to one pixel on a 160 dpi screen.

9.
When you are specifying the size of a text element on an Android UI, you can use the sp unit of measurement. This term is shorthand for?
1 / 1 point
 
Pixel Point
 
Scale-independent pixel. ✅
 
Scale-dependent pixel
 
Correct
Scale-independent pixel is correct. It is similar to dp and often used to specify font sizes.

10.
Which of the following are guides in organizing and arranging other UI elements on the screen?
1 / 1 point
 
layouts ✅
 
views
 
composables
 
Correct
Correct! Layouts are invisible elements that act as containers for other elements..


